data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/atuin                                         atuin
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cargo-trim                                    cargo-trim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cargo-whatfeatures                            cargo-whatfeatures
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/damo_fetch                                    damo_fetch
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/git-anger-management                          git-anger-management
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/interactive-rebase-tool                       git-interactive-rebase-tool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/git-stack                                     git-stack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/git-summary                                   git-summary
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gitopen                                       gitopen
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/hoard                                         hoard-rs
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/macchina                                      macchina
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mnem                                          mnem
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ncdu                                          ncdu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ncdu.1                             ncdu
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/os_info                                       os_info
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/powerline-rs                                  powerline-rs
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pspg                                          pspg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/rocketfetch                                   rocketfetch
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/rpipes                                        rpipes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ru_fetch                                      ru_fetch
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/steamguard-cli                                steamguard-cli
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/stor-age                                      stor-age
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tuxfetch                                      tuxfetch
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/vadersay                                      vadersay
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/web-grep                                      web-grep
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/wttr                                          wttr
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/yadf                                          yadf
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/yarf-fetch                                    yarf-fetch
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/yayagram                                      yayagram
